project/website.md, before:

# Pacifica Main Website

This is a space to develop some of the text required for the website.

## Home Page

This section is for the home page text, maybe links to images.

### Top Page

Collaborate. Share. Integrate. Build. 
Pacifica supports the scientific data lifecycle.

### Data Management

Scientific Data Management systems for research and development
institutions require many solutions to already complex problems.
Pacifica has solutions to manage data between projects that are
completing and collaborative. Pacifica can accelerate the scientific
process by making search and discovery tracta

### How to Solve it

Open Source does not stop at releasing the source code. Many problems
require community to share ideas, processes and support features to
solve the requirements. This is the natural evolution of Open Source
to Open Everything.

### Impact

Pacifica seeks to enable institutions to reduce risk while
accelerating scientific impact of the data they produce. Pacifica has
interfaces to allow scientists to automate workflow to ensure
quality and reuse of their research. Pacifica is open source and
allows contributions from development and operator teams.

Commit message:

Address Karen's Suggestions
This should hopefully address all of Karen's suggestions about the
text for the website.

Signed-off-by: David Brown <dmlb2000@gmail.com>

project/website.md, after:

# Pacifica Main Website

This is a space to develop some of the text required for the website.

## Home Page

This section is for the home page text, maybe links to images.

### Top Page

Collaborate. Share. Integrate. Build. 
Pacifica supports the scientific data lifecycle.

### Data Management

Scientific Data Management systems for research and development
institutions need to provide uncomplicated solutions to meet 
often complicated problems. Pacifica offers institutions a
platform to collaboratively manage data between projects.
Pacifica can accelerate the scientific process by making search
and discovery tractable solutions.

### How to Solve it

Open source does not end with the release of the source code.
Complex problems require the community to share ideas, processes,
and support features to solve the requirements -- the evolution
from open source, to open everything. Pacifica is governed by an
open everything community.

### Impact

Pacifica seeks to enable institutions to reduce risk while
accelerating scientific impact for all its users. Pacifica has
interfaces to allow scientists to automate workflow, improving
quality and reuse of their research. Pacifica is open source and
allows contributions from development and operator teams.
